How are you
Why did you ask me?
Chen Jiaming
What do you want?
Oh, it's different to be the eldest lady of the Gu family
I don't even call my brother
Brother came home and didn't let me go back
If you want money, I can't give it. You know I love money
Then you ran away from my house?
Do you know you almost made me lose 1 million
Say what the hero teacher decided at that time
Why so sad
It's you and Gu Tianzhishi
So what if it's me?
Yuan Jiaming
You do this hook up
The Gu family will never let you go
That's why I'm going to give you a shun today
Then I called you to the Civil Affairs Bureau to get a certificate
So people will pursue
I don't have my legal responsibility.
Do you know?
What to do?
What are you doing?
Waited 13 years
I can finally kill you today
Ah, shit.
How dare you hit me?
Hey
No one brought him back to me